meet the people responsible for making
that show executive producer Chuck Lorre
executive producer Bill Brady executive
producer Steve Millar Oh
Mayim Bialik coming to you live from New
York where he's starring in Harvey on
Broadway Jim Parsons via satellite
kaley cuoco who now Mayor Simon Helberg
melissa rauch
there he is hi
I'm astronaut Rick Searfoss I flew the
space shuttle three times twice as a
pilot once it's a commander so my
question for you Simon
yes will you be interested in flying in
space with me on board the Lynx
suborbital space plane altitudes give me
a lot of gas I'm just a picky eater the
dehydrated food thing you can bring
Froot Loops yeah if you're not willing
to do this curl could we offer this
flight into space to somebody here
absolutely no problem let's go for it
Adam if everyone is ready we ready count
three two if you have the golden ticket
wave it in the air over
congratulations what's your name
Mercedes great well you're gonna have a
life-changing experience I can't wait to
fly with you onboard lynx-o the Big Bang
Theory going where no sitcom has gone
before if you know if they didn't take
it away from me
and give it to some audience member I
think I'd be open to that it's pretty
amazing where this is like this is the
future what happened when you're in
comic-con I got a ticket to go to space
you know oh really
and I got this bag you know it's just
unbelievable I looked at it and I was
like this isn't real I'm looking around
and make sure nobody else has the same
certificate as me and then they said
you're going to space and I'm like yes
just so excited she's very excited I was
really exciting super exciting I just
wanted her to get space ice cream that's
all my goal is for her is to go there
and have dehydrated ice cream BAM
amazing I'm sure that's her most
important goal - yeah I mean it's it is
pretty unreal I don't think there's a
handful of people in the entire world
that have been able to do that so it's
very exciting
you just gave a ticket to outer space
away that's I think that's pretty
unprecedented so it seems like it's
right around the corner that we'll all
be able to you know honeymoon in space
or something I don't think it's set in I
think I'm still in shock but I'm very
very excited nobody I know has been to
space and we anticipate and plan on
doing first flight of the Lynx vehicle
with me as the test pilot by the end of
this year early next year and then get
through the unknown unknowns which
always come up in flight test and maybe
twelve months after we start flight
tests go to the FAA and say hey we
believe we're ready to safely fly people
to the edge of space and we get their
blessing and we're on our way
Big Bang Theory is definitely definitely
changing my life
I think the first reaction is we're
actually going to send somebody into
space and and yeah
thank you for watching extra on YouTube
and for 24/7 updates on celebrity news
subscribe to our channel here like us on
Facebook here or follow us on Twitter
here and if you want your voice heard
leave a comment below we're right there